in downtown darar Asma C and her family
Palestinians from Gaza crafting flags of
their
Nation we first met Asma in 2021 when
thousands of sagales came out in support
of the Palestinian I'm so proud I'm so
proud of theales but since Israel's
attack on Gaza Sagal has not yet
authorized demonstrations for
Palestine I'm feeling bad and because
it's not normal and I think the whole
world even in Europe in America in in
Africa in Arabic countries Christian
Muslims Jews
even till today since the 7th of October
they are doing demonstrations and why
did they not allow us to do
it the protest organizers got a call
from authorities saying they had not
received the necessary paperwork to
authorize the demonstration on
time we are witnessing a backslide in
sagal's official position towards the
Palestinian cause the government's
neutral statement in the conflict does
not reflect the view of theales people
as the chair of the UN committee for the
rights of the Palestinian people Sagal
is calling for a ceasefire but has
failed to explicitly condemn Israel's
aggression for the past years Israel has
been lobbying sagal's government there
are private Israeli companies
cooperating in the Agriculture and
security sectors there's even an Israeli
company helping Security Forces clamp
down on opposition protests but for Asma
this isn't about politics it's about
Humanity it's been three long agonizing
days since asma's cousin's last message
is he okay injured or even alive there's
no way to know and so the family do what
they can flags for a nation without a
country for a people without a land for
a cause they will not give up on
Nicholas Hawk Al jazer
darar make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer